#### Milestone 4 Write-Up

For this milestone, given the restricted time frame, we decided to focus on simple and concise changes that we could implement quickly and would help the user navigate our platform. On the left-hand panel, we moved the 'work freedom' slider button to the bottom of the panel, where the user would find the text explaining exactly what the 'work freedom' variable reflected. We felt connecting the text with the slider in the left panel would reduce potential confusion. In addition, our colours are friendlier for colour-blind users, and they're easier to differentiate categories with this scheme. These are simple but meaningful changes to our app that we believe add to it's general aesthetic and functionality.

If we were to develop this app again from the beginning, we would likely take a closer look at the usage aspect of our app and spend more time highlighting the niche it is for and the most **effective** information we can convey for that niche. Given the time constraints, we had to think through some of these design pieces as we went, which is ok, but it would've been helpful to evaluate our design further at the beginning and focus on what is most important. One example of this is we realized well into our project that some of the country data beyond the U.S., U.K. and Canada are quite limited. This presented design challenges with respect to the world map we had originally wanted to implement and we were forced to adjust to a state-map to contrast state differences within the US where we had ample data, and create a bar plot for country differences.

Our greatest challenge in creating our final product was finding ways to depict simple categorical data that is ordinal in a way that conveyed meaningful differences between attitudes in mental health. With data structured in -1,0,1 or 1,2,3,4,5 schemes the scale of essentially every feature in this dataset was quite restricted, which placed constraints on our visualization options (barplot) and design choices (heat map). Small scales meant meaningful differences in countries were inevitably smaller, and we paid significant attention to detail in conveying vital differences that may have been small. 

In addition, the restrictions imposed by these scales led us to offer other demographic and employer variables to compensate for the lack of diversity in our questions of interest (the question tab). We wanted to offer flexibility to the user without overwhelming their experience. That said, we believe we struck this balance quite well. We both embraced these challenges in our design and are proud of the work we've contributed and the material/lessons we have learned in the process.
